hello YouTube I'm going to be doing an
unboxing of the rock band 3 pro guitar
for the xbox 360 I will be adding this
voice after i did this unboxing because
i recorded this last night right after I
got home and I just didn't feel like
talking so first I shall be cutting the
Box open the box to ship them in the
boxes shipped in am I doing this one hey
Neil without a cameraman so in or the
jittery camera push the box fall over
and there it is now then as I try to
figure out which side actually has the
opening gifting open trying to get this
thing open I didn't realize that was
actually a tab I'll supposed to pull out
so throw the camera onto the couch and
then finally I realized oh there's the
tab see there's the tab and pull that up
there it is the body the head in the
neck and the batter is clay first thing
looks like he is the guitar strap with a
rock band logo on it oh my god the
instruction manual and the guitar picks
on the backside there that I didn't see
i'll show you that later there's the
neck with all the buttons one connector
that side and the other side connector
and the top of the thing just slide
right in there properly these strings
seem to have a more plastic sound it
doesn't have like a noise like a real
guitar would have okay then we got this
box that I thought had something in it
but there's absolutely nothing in it at
all and then pretty much do exactly what
you think you do you slide the neck into
the body and you slide the head onto the
top looks like some weird bring
batteries and there's something else box
and so it here's how it should look
after it's all put together
you